Okay so now we're going to make our way ahead section and the footer more dynamic.
Were press friendly so back in a text editor if you go to the head stop HP file.
So at the moment vonnegut Started Kate's jamile.
So we want to make this dynamic by and in some word press functions and some p.
P So let's start by making the language dynamic.
So rather than hony language at the top we want to open up the p p tags.
In exactly the same way as were done before.
And then within the page P Lord's art language.
Underscore attributes.
And then because it's a function we use the brackets and the semicolon.
And this allows were pressed to add the language dynamically and then next go into the character set
dynamically.
So rather than half in the character say equal to utf 8.
Will can allow WordPress to do this dynamically.
So again nippi HP.
Opening and closing tags.
Now if you want to copy these paste to mean rather than retype and you can do.
So we use the blog in full function.
And then inside the brackets.
And then we add the character set back in between the quotations and then the semicolon at the end.
Now be careful when type on the page P functions.
Because as you seen in the last video with the debugging if we just have one character mis typed out
of place the chances are that you're going to get a white screen.
So be careful of that.
And then rather than a worse static tranquil spa title Let's change that to allow our were pressed to
include that sort of game between the p p Tigers were in the Word Press title with WP underscore title
and then inside the brackets just leave the empty quotation marks and then the semakula UP THE END.
And then scroll down just before the closing head.
Just at the end there.
If we just find the line just before another one going to include the w.p. head function which basically
allows WordPress to add scripter data back into the head section when it needs to.
So a game between a p-h pre-tax type in w.p. underscore head.
Then the brackets on the semicolon.
And then in the open body type we can add the word press what class.
So between the P P We use the body underscore class function.
And the brackets and the semicolon and then were press will add the body class into the right section.
Okay so let's scroll down to the head a section and the next one a change is the tranquil spa and the
tranquil spa link is the one at the top left of the home page which is our logo section and I will link
back to the home page.
So there's two pieces appear to be we need to include here.
I'm trying to get rid of the sidebar for an old issue.
It was somare room.
So first of all we need to change the name of the website which is tranquil spa amineh to include the
P to make this named dynamic.
So I'll paste in the e page P opening and closing times.
And I put it on a separate line just so it's more clear.
So between the B so p p uses the echo name to echo the contents of the browser and then we use the word
Press function of get blog info.
On the blog info we want is the name of the site.
So put your name in there.
And the semicolon at the end.
OK.
So now were press E generating the name of our website which is tranquil spa.
That's going to be the text which appears in the top left hand corner where the logo is.
We need to make this text a active link so because we don't have an index dot hates GMO anymore because
we use an HP.
We need to tell were pressed to link this name back to our home you are real.
And again we do that in the between the HP tags and then echo.
So there's a couple of different ways that we can do this in wordpress.
But I want to use the escape.
You are real which sanitizes the are real and make sure that there's no malicious code in there.
So eco escape you are real.
And then in the brackets afterwards when I put the link to the home you are well and then open and close
and kind of brackets again.
And then the semicolon.
So there's two pieces appear to be the first one provides the link to the home you are L and the second
one provides the name of the website.
And then back up to the head section we'll go on to the settlings in a slightly different way.
So if would delete the link for the custom C S S and also the boot straps we assess Amwell are those
buckin in the functions File in just a moment.
So save that and then open up our sidebar and head up to the foot of the HP.
So there's not a lot we need to do with the footer.
So one of the things I want to change is the.
So because we want this to change dynamically each year we can add some p HP to the bomber here.
So rather than hum in 2015 hardcoded work in Echo out to the browser the date.
And then between the brackets we can put the capital Y which is the way HP adds the year and you can
pay eight per You can also add these days and the monks in various formats will look and see that in
more detail one would do with the blog posts.
And then right at the very bottom of the page and then just before the close and body type.
So in he were going to add an AP HP function which is the wpe underscore footer.
Our missiles were pressed.
Scripter data to the foot section.
So save that.
And then delete the bootstrap javascript and will link this with this access in the functions file.
Because WordPress already comes with Jay Query.
We can delete this too.
Time is up a little bit and then hit save.
OK so now weve taken off the CSA s or the head section under the scripts or the foot section.
So we need to allow word to these back into the website.
Are we going to do this in the way the WordPress recommends by enqueue in the scripts and the way we
do that is if we go to the functions doppie HP.
So if you go to the bottom section after the US action make sure we still would in the HP tags.
So lets create a new HP function and this one is going to be called tranquil underscore scripts.
And then the brackets and then afterwards the curly braces.
So what was the comment in here.
So we know exactly what were doing.
So this section is going to be adding the styles to the function.
So to properly and these back into the Feme we need to use the word press a WP enqueue.
And then style.
And then were in the curly brackets and also between the quotes.
Were going to give the first stylesheet a name.
So this is the bootstrap.
Call.
Then separated by a comma.
Then the second prometa we need to include is the file path to the bootstrap csx.
So to add this in Word Press we typing get and then template.
Directory.
And then you are right.
And then the racquets and then the file path by using the Dot.
And there were in the quotes we add the link to our bootstrap file.
So forward slash us forward slash bootstrap.
Men don't see us.
And then the semicolon up the end.
Now to get real at sidebar for an hour or so and here we are given this style sheet a name and then
add in the template directory and then underneath the template directory the file path for the C S S.
So because we've got a bootstraps vss and we've also got the custom CSA working just copy this and then
paste it straight in below.
Would you need to change the name on the file path.
So this is for our custom file.
And then we also include Get a template directory and then we need to change the five off.
So because were custom style she is in the document route rather in the CSA folder working just changes
to style dot CNS.
And then we do a very similar thing to a D script Buckingham or other comments of other scripts.
So the other word javascript buckin it works in a similar kind of way to the style sheet.
So if we just copy this link and paste it in.
But this time instead of enqueue style we include the script.
And then we add the name at the start.
So I'm going to call it the boost up g.f..
We use get a template directory in the same way.
But this time the file path is in our geegaws folder.
Don't forget the forward slash before and then when it's linked this to the bootstrap magnified version.
Bootstrapped min dot j Yes.
This replaces the javascript from the footer section.
And after that add a comma.
So I've included the scrip name the script source.
Now next we need to include any dependencies nutcombe bootstrap requires Jay Query.
We need to make sure the jaquie reloads before boot stop so we do it by adding an array error in brucker
to put the name of the dependency which is a query.
So separated by a comma the lost volume what's put in is a boolean of.
True.
This enables the script to billing to the footer section.
So in the footer dumped P P We included the WP footer function and because we added this in were pressed
knows exactly where to add this script now.
Okay so now this function is all set up.
We need to do a similar thing that we do on early on for the themes set up.
We need to add the action so outside the function blow the last curly brace look of paste in the action.
And replace after Feme set up with WP enqueue.
Scripts.
And then the second prometa is the name of all function which is tranquil underscore scripts so he can
copy and paste that in.
And say that because got debugging and to be enabled will refresh the browser hopefully we shouldn't
get any problems and he can start to see there are some things are changing.
So we've got some colours appear room which means up the custom.
Most thrilling properly.
And also the boost upsy assessed must be lean correctly because you can see that the grid system such
as the free sections are set up properly.
Well missing images but would take care of those soon.
That's nothing to worry about.
And lastly if would a shrink the browser down to a smaller size to the Mobile or trouble at size.
Well can check of the javascript is working by clicking on the dropped button.
So it was just all work and fine for you.
That's great.
If you've got a drop down that means that the javascript is working.
So congratulations on getting this far and I'll see in the next video.
Will add the WordPress navigation.